river: Add various string functions to stdlib (#4388)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/stdlib/trim_suffix.md

---
aliases:
- ../../configuration-language/standard-library/trim_suffix/
title: trim_suffix
---

# trim_suffix

> `trim_suffix` removes the specified suffix from the end of the given string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`trim_suffix` removes the suffix from the end of a string.
```

What happens if the suffix is not found (reference the prefix definition which states `If the string does not start with the prefix, the string is returned unchanged.`

## Examples

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```river
````
